Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to content Main menu Main menu move to sidebar hide Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Search Create account Log in Personal tools Create account Log in Pages for logged out editors learn more Contributions Talk Main Page Main Page Talk English Read View source View history Tools Tools move to sidebar hide Actions Read View source View history General What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons MediaWiki Meta-Wiki Multilingual Wikisource Wikispecies Wikibooks Wikidata Wikimania Wikinews Wikiquote Wikisource Wikiversity Wikivoyage Wiktionary From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Welcome to Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. 6,659,023 articles in English From today's featured article Chester Brown, the cartoonist, in 2009 The Playboy is a graphic novel by Canadian cartoonist Chester Brown (pictured), serialized in 1990 in his comic book Yummy Fur and collected in different revised book editions in 1992 and 2013. It deals with Brown's guilt and anxiety over his obsessive masturbation to Playboy Playmate models; out of fear of being caught, he repeatedly rids himself of copies of the magazine, only to retrieve them later. His conflicting emotions follow him into adulthood until he purges them by revealing himself through his comics. The free, organic arrangement of odd-shaped panels of simple, expressive artwork contrasts with his more detailed grid-like pages in his 1980s work, such as Ed the Happy Clown. The Playboy forms part of Brown's autobiographical period during the early 1990s, and was the first book-length work he planned as a complete story. It has attracted praise for its revealing honesty, and criticism from those who saw it as glorifying pornography. (Full article...) Recently featured: Shefali Shah Capture of Wakefield Hoodening Archive By email More featured articles About Did you know ... Dag Hammarskjöld Plaza ... that actress Katharine Hepburn threatened to remove her name from a garden in Dag Hammarskjöld Plaza (pictured) when New York City officials said they would not widen the plaza? ... that several composers wrote coloratura arias specifically for the voice of Italian opera singer Maria Giustina Turcotti? ... that despite Missourians voting for Henry Clay, Missouri representative John Scott voted for John Quincy Adams? ... that Curtis Aiken set the New York State Public High School Athletic Association single-season boys' basketball scoring record? ... that Deng Xiaoping called his actions during the Baise Uprising "one of the worst mistakes" of his life? ... that Asia Abdelmajid, a pioneering Sudanese actress, was killed in crossfire during the 2023 Sudan conflict? ... that confectioner William Westerfeld hired architect Henry Geilfuss to design his home in San Francisco, and then died in it? ... that the ancient Romans kept leopards in captivity to be used in the executions of criminals? Archive Start a new article Nominate an article In the news Brooks Koepka In golf, Brooks Koepka (pictured) wins the PGA Championship. American football Hall of Fame fullback Jim Brown dies at the age of 87. Amid a political crisis in Ecuador, President Guillermo Lasso dissolves the National Assembly and triggers an early general election. Flooding in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy causes 16 deaths and widespread disruption, including the cancellation of its Formula One Grand Prix. Cyclone Mocha strikes Myanmar and Bangladesh, killing more than 150 people. Ongoing: Russian invasion of Ukraine Sudan conflict Recent deaths: Robert Lucas Jr. Andy Rourke Maria Mies Brian Booth S. P. Hinduja Tim Keller Nominate an article On this day May 23: Aromanian National Day Catherine of Aragon 1533 – Thomas Cranmer, Archbishop of Canterbury, annulled Henry VIII's marriage to his first wife Catherine of Aragon (pictured), beginning events that would culminate in the English Reformation. 1862 – American Civil War: Confederate troops under Stonewall Jackson defeated a Union force at the Battle of Front Royal in Virginia, taking around 700 prisoners. 1895 – Backed by Samuel J. Tilden, the Astor Library and the Lenox Library agreed to merge and form the New York Public Library. 1939 – The U.S. Navy submarine Squalus sank off Portsmouth, New Hampshire, during tests, causing 26 men to drown. 1974 – The Airbus A300, the first twin-engined wide-body airliner, went into service with Air France. C. R. M. F. Cruttwell (b. 1887) Ruth Fernández (b. 1919) Florence Violet McKenzie (d. 1982) More anniversaries: May 22 May 23 May 24 Archive By email List of days of the year Today's featured picture Vanadinite is a mineral belonging to the apatite group of phosphates. It is one of the main industrial ores of the metal vanadium and a minor source of lead. A dense, brittle mineral, it is usually found in the form of red hexagonal crystals. It is an uncommon mineral, formed by the oxidation of lead ore deposits such as galena. First discovered in 1801 in Mexico, vanadinite deposits have since been unearthed in South America, Europe, Africa, and North America. This cluster of reddish brown tabular vanadinite crystals, measuring 4.0 cm × 2.5 cm × 2.3 cm (1.57 in × 0.98 in × 0.91 in), was found in a mine in Mibladen, Morocco. The photograph was focus-stacked from 212 separate images using software. Photograph credit: Ivar Leidus Recently featured: Ålesund The Sleeping Gypsy Sándor Vay Archive More featured pictures Other areas of Wikipedia Community portal – The central hub for editors, with resources, links, tasks, and announcements. Village pump – Forum for discussions about Wikipedia itself, including policies and technical issues. Site news – Sources of news about Wikipedia and the broader Wikimedia movement. Teahouse – Ask basic questions about using or editing Wikipedia. Help desk – Ask questions about using or editing Wikipedia. Reference desk – Ask research questions about encyclopedic topics. Content portals – A unique way to navigate the encyclopedia. Wikipedia's sister projects Wikipedia is written by volunteer editors and hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other volunteer projects: Commons Free media repository MediaWiki Wiki software development Meta-Wiki Wikimedia project coordination Wikibooks Free textbooks and manuals Wikidata Free knowledge base Wikinews Free-content news Wikiquote Collection of quotations Wikisource Free-content library Wikispecies Directory of species Wikiversity Free learning tools Wikivoyage Free travel guide Wiktionary Dictionary and thesaurus Wikipedia languages This Wikipedia is written in English. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below. 1,000,000+ articles العربية Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands 日本語 Polski Português Русский Svenska Українська Tiếng Việt 中文 250,000+ articles Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Bân-lâm-gú Български Català Čeština Dansk Esperanto Euskara فارسی‎ עברית 한국어 Magyar Norsk Bokmål Română Srpski Srpskohrvatski Suomi Türkçe 50,000+ articles Asturianu বাংলা Bosanski Eesti Ελληνικά Simple English Frysk Gaeilge Galego Hrvatski ქართული Latviešu Lietuvių മലയാളം Македонски Norsk nynorsk Shqip Slovenčina Slovenščina ไทย Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=1114291180" 47 languages العربية বাংলা Български Bosanski Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto Euskara فارسی Français Galego 한국어 Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית ქართული Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Македонски Bahasa Melayu Nederlands 日本語 Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Polski Português Română Русский Simple English Slovenčina Slovenščina Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Suomi Svenska ไทย Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 中文 This page was last edited on 5 October 2022, at 19:27 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 3.0; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement Toggle limited content width