Wikipedia:Contents - Wikipedia Jump to content Main menu Main menu move to sidebar hide Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Languages Language links are at the top of the page across from the title. Search Create account Log in Personal tools Create account Log in Pages for logged out editors learn more Contributions Talk Contents move to sidebar hide (Top) 1Navigate Wikipedia by subject Toggle Navigate Wikipedia by subject subsection 1.1Culture 1.2Geography 1.3Health 1.4History 1.4.1Timelines 1.4.2Current history entries 1.5Human activities 1.6Mathematics and the formal sciences 1.7Natural sciences 1.8People 1.9Philosophy 1.10Reference works 1.10.1Third-party classification systems 1.10.2Bibliographies 1.11Religion 1.12Society and the social sciences 1.13Technology and the applied sciences 2Wikipedia's main contents systems Toggle Wikipedia's main contents systems subsection 2.1Overview articles 2.2Outline pages 2.3List pages 2.4Portals 2.5Glossaries 2.6Category system 3Articles by importance or quality Toggle Articles by importance or quality subsection 3.1Vital articles 3.2Featured content 3.3Good articles 4Spoken articles 5Alphabetical lists of articles Toggle the table of contents Toggle the table of contents Wikipedia:Contents 47 languages العربية অসমীয়া تۆرکجه বাংলা भोजपुरी Чӑвашла Cebuano Español فارسی ГӀалгӀай 한국어 हिन्दी Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Қазақша Kurdî Magyar മലയാളം Bahasa Melayu မြန်မာဘာသာ Nederlands नेपाली 日本語 Oʻzbekcha / ўзбекча پښتو ភាសាខ្មែរ Polski Português Русский ᱥᱟᱱᱛᱟᱲᱤ Shqip සිංහල سنڌي Српски / srpski Sunda Suomi Tagalog தமிழ் Татарча / tatarça ၽႃႇသႃႇတႆး తెలుగు ไทย Українська Xitsonga ייִדיש 粵語 中文 Edit links Project page Talk English Read View source View history Tools Tools move to sidebar hide Actions Read View source View history General What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikiversity From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Wikipedia's contents Contents Vital articles Featured content Good articles Overviews Outlines Lists Portals Glossaries Categories Indices A–Z index Reference Culture Geography Health History Human activities Mathematics Nature People Philosophy Religion Society Technology Explore Wikipedia's contents Shortcuts WP:START WP:EXPLORE For Wikipedia's internal directory, see Wikipedia:Directories and indexes. Wikipedia is a compendium of the world's knowledge. If you know what you are looking for, type it into Wikipedia's search box. If, however, you need a bird's eye view of what Wikipedia has to offer, see its main contents pages below, which in turn list more specific pages. Navigate Wikipedia by subject Wikipedia's main contents systems are arranged into these subject classifications. Each subject is further divided into subtopics. Culture Culture – encompasses the social behavior and norms found in human societies, as well as the knowledge, beliefs, arts, laws, customs, capabilities and habits of the individuals in these groups. Geography Geography – field of science devoted to the study of the lands, features, inhabitants, and phenomena of the Earth and planets. Health Health – state of physical, mental and social well-being. History History – the past as it is described in written documents, and the study thereof. Timelines Timelines list events chronologically, sometimes including links to articles with more detail. There are several ways to find timelines: List of timelines has a long single-page collection Category:Wikipedia timelines has a comprehensive multi-page collection via the Wikipedia category system Of particular interest may be: List of centuries List of decades List of historical anniversaries – e.g. events on January 1 of any year Category:Graphical timelines – graphical timelines in the category and subcategories, arranged alphabetically Current history entries You can help us keep Wikipedia up to date! The list below is for encyclopedia entries that describe and pertain to events happening on a current basis. 2023 – major events this year 2023 in politics and government – major current political news and developments 2023 in science – major current news on science findings and technology developments Portal:Current events – featured current events and related project activities Category:2023 timelines Category:2023 by country Deaths in 2023 – lists people who died this year Category:Contemporary history by country Human activities Human activities – the various activities done by people. For instance, it includes leisure, entertainment, industry, recreation, war, and exercise. Mathematics and the formal sciences Mathematics – the study of topics such as quantity (numbers), structure, space, and change. It evolved through the use of abstraction and logical reasoning, from counting, calculation, measurement, and the systematic study of the shapes and motions of physical objects. Natural sciences Natural science – branch of science concerned with the description, prediction, and understanding of natural phenomena, based on empirical evidence from observation and experimentation. People People – plurality of persons considered as a whole, as is the case with an ethnic group or nation. Philosophy Philosophy – study of general and fundamental questions about existence, knowledge, values, reason, mind, and language. Reference works Reference works – compendiums of information, usually of a specific type, compiled in a book for ease of reference. That is, the information is intended to be quickly found when needed. Third-party classification systems Speaking of reference works, various third-party classification systems have been mapped to Wikipedia articles, which can be accessed from these pages: Library of Congress Classification List of Dewey Decimal classes Figurative system of human knowledge (Encyclopédie) Propædia (Encyclopædia Britannica) Tree of knowledge system Universal Decimal Classification Bibliographies Bibliographies list sources on a given topic, for verification or further reading outside Wikipedia: Wikipedia:List of bibliographies is a list of bibliographies Category:Wikipedia bibliographies has a complete multi-page listing of bibliographies on Wikipedia Religion Religions – social-cultural systems of designated behaviors and practices, morals, worldviews, texts, sanctified places, prophecies, ethics, or organizations, that relates humanity to supernatural, transcendental, or spiritual elements. Society and the social sciences Society – group of individuals involved in persistent social interaction, or a large social group sharing the same geographical or social territory, typically subject to the same political authority and dominant cultural expectations. Societies are characterized by patterns of relationships (social relations) between individuals who share a distinctive culture and institutions; a given society may be described as the sum/total of such relationships among its constituent of members. Technology and the applied sciences Technology – the sum of techniques, skills, methods, and processes used in the production of goods or services or in the accomplishment of objectives, such as scientific investigation. Wikipedia's main contents systems Overview articles Overview articles summarize in prose a broad topic like biology, and also have illustrations and links to subtopics like cell biology, biographies like Carl Linnaeus, and other related articles like Human Genome Project. Wikipedia:Contents/Overviews lists overview articles from covered fields in a single page. Outline pages Outline pages have trees of topics in an outline format, which in turn are linked to further outlines and articles providing more detail. Outlines show how important subtopics relate to each other based on how they are arranged in the tree, and they are useful as a more condensed, non-prose alternative to overview articles. Wikipedia:Contents/Outlines is a comprehensive list of "Outline of __" pages, organized by subject. It is itself an outline, that links (almost) exclusively to other outlines. Outline of academic disciplines covers subjects studied in college or university and provides links to prose overview articles and their corresponding outlines. Outline of knowledge is the top-level outline, its subject being the broadest one of all. It is the ancestor of all other outlines, and they branch out from it, in successive levels. List pages List pages enumerate items of a particular type, such as the List of sovereign states or List of South Africans. Wikipedia has "lists of lists" when there are too many items to fit on a single page, when the items can be sorted in different ways, or as a way of navigating lists on a topic (for example Lists of countries and territories or Lists of people). There are several ways to find lists: Wikipedia:Contents/Lists – A limited single-page collection of lists and lists of lists List of lists of lists – A broad single-page collection of lists of lists Category:Lists – Browse lists comprehensively via the multi-page Wikipedia category system Portals Portals contain featured articles and images, news, categories, excerpts of key articles, links to related portals, and to-do lists for editors. There are two ways to find portals: Wikipedia:Contents/Portals – A single-page list of portals Category:Portals – Browse portals comprehensively via the Wikipedia category system. Glossaries Glossaries are lists of terms with definitions. Wikipedia includes hundreds of alphabetical glossaries; they can be found in two ways: Wikipedia:Contents/Glossaries – A single-page list of glossaries Category:Wikipedia glossaries – Browse glossaries comprehensively via the Wikipedia category system Category system Wikipedia's collection of category pages is a classified index system. It is automatically generated from category tags at the bottoms of articles and most other pages. Nearly all of the articles available so far on the website can be found through these subject indexes. If you are simply looking to browse articles by topic, there are two top-level pages to choose from: Category:Main topic classifications – probably what you are looking for: Arts, History, Technology, etc. Wikipedia:Contents/Categories – a hand-crafted list of first- and second-level topic categories For biographies, see Category:People. Category:Contents is technically at the top of the category hierarchy, but contains many categories useful to editors but not readers. Special:Categories lists every category alphabetically. Articles by importance or quality Vital articles Main page: Wikipedia:Vital articles Vital articles are lists of subjects for which the English Wikipedia should have corresponding high-quality articles. They serve as centralized watchlists to track the quality status of Wikipedia's most important articles and to give editors guidance on which articles to prioritize for improvement. Vital articles level 1 – 10 most important articles Vital articles level 2 – 100 most important articles Vital articles level 3 – 1,000 most important articles Vital articles level 4 – 10,000 most important articles Vital articles level 5 – 50,000 most important articles Featured content Featured content represents the best of Wikipedia, and has undergone a thorough review process to ensure that it meets the highest encyclopedic standards. Presented by type: Featured articles Featured lists Featured pictures Featured topics Good articles Good articles are articles that meet a core set of editorial standards, the good article criteria, and successfully pass through the good article nomination process. They are well written, contain factually accurate and verifiable information, are broad in coverage, neutral in point of view, stable, and illustrated, where possible, by relevant images with suitable copyright licenses. Spoken articles Growing collections of Wikipedia articles are starting to become available as spoken word recordings as well. Category:Spoken articles – an organized list of all spoken articles Wikipedia:Spoken articles – some general information about the spoken article technology Alphabetical lists of articles Wikipedia's alphabetical article indexes Special:Allpages lists all of the current pages in Wikipedia. Wikipedia:Contents/A–Z index provides an easy way to skip to a particular part of the alphabet in the list of all articles. Lists of alphabetical indexes Category:Wikipedia indexes – alphabetical list of topic indexes Wikipedia:Contents/Indices – indexes sorted by topic area Content listings Types Vital articles Featured content Good articles Spoken articles Overviews Outlines Lists Portals Glossaries Categories Indices Topics Current events Reference Culture Geography Health History Mathematics Nature People Philosophy Religion Society Technology Places, people and times Academic disciplines Anniversaries today Countries and territories Timelines decades, centuries, and millennia Indices A–Z index Categories Dewey Decimal classes Library of Congress Classification v t e Wikipedia directories and indexes Administration pages Protocols Policies Guidelines Manual of Style Assistance Help directory Menu FAQs Interactive help Reader's index Tips Styletips Tools The community Portal Discussions Noticeboards Essays Editor's index Departments Maintenance WikiProjects MediaWiki Wikitext HTML Templates Locutions Abbreviations Edit summaries Glossary Shortcuts Encyclopedia proper Types Overviews Outlines Lists Portals Glossaries Categories Indices Featured, good Featured articles Good articles Featured lists Featured pictures Featured topics Good topics Topics Current events Reference Culture Geography Health History Math Nature People Philosophy Religion Society Technology LOC, bios, times Academic disciplines Anniversaries Today Sovereign states and dependent territories Deaths this year Timelines Decades, centuries, and millennia Indexes A–Z index Categories Dewey Decimal classes Library of Congress Classification Spoken articles Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Contents&oldid=1156400320" Categories: Wikipedia directories Wikipedia contents Wikipedia navigation Hidden categories: Wikipedia semi-protected project pages Wikipedia move-protected project pages This page was last edited on 22 May 2023, at 17:31 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 3.0; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement Toggle limited content width